TITLE: 
Leon Wan
Section B
Project m.b.

PROBLEM DESCRIPTION:
The program that was created accepts a .txt file with two numbers spaced out
on each line. From these points, the line of regression is estimated using the
least-squares algorithm, a concept within the realm of linear algebra. After finding
the slope (m) and y-intercept (b), which are provided by the parameter vector,
a graphical representation is shown in a SFML window. The drawing not only
incorporates the input file's points, but also the linear regression line and its
mathematical equation. Thus, the final product gives the user a nice impression 
of how the provided points fit together.

PROGRAM DESCRIPTION:
The program itself is somewhat "automatic", in that the user does not have to do
much preparation for the program to run. However, for analyzing different data
sets, the user must change the program code that reads in the "points_.txt" file,
where "_" is anything ranging from NULL to ∞. There are specifically 2 lines of
code that has this implementation. I could change it so that the program prompts
the user for the file name, but I wanted it to be as straightforward as possible.
If I could further improve the program, I would add functions for different trend 
lines to fit the data. But, parabolas and other curves may be difficult to draw in
SFML, and the least-squares solution is already quite involved to find the line of
regression.

TESTS:
Input: points.txt --> handles small amount of positive single-digit integers
Input: points2.txt --> handles small amount of larger positive doubles
Input: points3.txt --> handles larger data sets, may be at threshold of display with larger numbers
Input: points4.txt --> handles negative x-values
Input: points5.txt --> handles both negative x- and y-values

REFLECTIONS:
Working with two-dimensional vectors posed a challenge and really gave me
some trouble. I learned about managing vectors within functions, especially the
idea of appending vectors into the preestablished 2D vectors. I also encountered
issues with the SFML coordinate grid, a super unintuitive system. Eventually,
the graph was properly formatted to display the correct orientation relative to
the axes. Overall, my thought process worked for the most part when I was 
tackling this algorithm, and it's safe to say that I'm satisfied with the end result.


